README.md, before:

# Yarra Valley
## Your new favorite dark theme for Visual Studio Code

Here on the slopes of the Yarra, our syntax highlighting receives the same care and attention as our cool climate pinot noir. Thanks for coming to visit. We hope you like it here, and we hope you stay.

## Semantic highlighting

Yarra Valley now includes semantic highlighting for supported languages. Semantic highlighting provides a greater guarantee that tokens will be highlighted correctly, but typically provides less nuanced highlighting.

Screenshots here are shown with semantic highlighting disabled:

```json
 "editor.semanticHighlighting.enabled": false
```

Or at the individual extension level:

```json
  "C_Cpp.enhancedColorization": "Disabled"
```

## Screenshots:

## Typescript
![typescript](./images/typescript.png)

## React
![react](./images/react.png)

## Elixir
![elixir](./images/elixir.png)

## Rust (using [Rust Syntax][])
![rust](./images/rust.png)

## Ruby
![ruby](./images/ruby.png)

## Go
![go](./images/go.png)

## Elm
![elm](./images/elm.png)

## HTML
![html](./images/html.png)

## CSS
![css](./images/css.png)

## Python
![python](./images/python.png)

## Markdown
![markdown](./images/markdown.png)

## Supported languages and extensions:

- AsciiDoc ([AsciiDoc][])
- C ([C/C++][])
- C# ([C#][])
- C++ ([C/C++][])
- Clojure
- Crystal ([Crystal Language][])
- CSS
- Dart ([Dart Code][])
- Elixir ([ElixirLS][])
- Elm ([Elm][])
- Erlang ([erlang][])
- F# ([Ionide-fsharp][])
- Gleam ([Gleam Syntax][])
- Go ([Go][])
- GraphQL ([GraphQL][])
- Haskell ([Haskell Syntax Highlighting][])
- HTML
- Idris ([Idris][])
- Java ([Java Extension Pack][])
- JavaScript
- JavaScript React (JSX)
- Kotlin ([Kotlin Language][])
- LaTeX ([LaTeX Workshop][])
- Less
- Lua ([Lua][])
- makefile
- Markdown
- Ocaml ([reason-vscode][] or [OCaml and Reason IDE][])
- PHP
- PowerShell ([PowerShell][])
- Python ([Python][])
- R ([R][])
- Racket ([Magic Racket][])
- Reason ([reason-vscode][] or [OCaml and Reason IDE][])
- reStructuredText ([reStructuredText][])
- Ruby ([Ruby][] + [VSCode Ruby][])
- Rust ([Rust Syntax][] + [Rust][])
- Sass ([Sass][])
- Scheme ([vscode-scheme][])
- SCSS
- shell script
- SQL
- Swift ([Swift Language][])
- TOML ([Better TOML][])
- TypeScript
- TypeScript React (TSX)
- VimScript ([VimL][])
- YAML

<!--
## Planned languages:
- AHK
- Julia
- Objective-C
- Perl
- Pony
- Scala
- TLA+
- Visual Basic
- Zig
-->

[AsciiDoc]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=joaompinto.asciidoctor-vscode
[Better TOML]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bungcip.better-toml
[C/C++]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.cpptools
[C/C++]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.cpptools
[C#]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csharp
[Crystal Language]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=faustinoaq.crystal-lang
[Dart Code]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Dart-Code.dart-code
[ElixirLS]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JakeBecker.elixir-ls
[Elm]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Elmtooling.elm-ls-vscode
[erlang]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pgourlain.erlang
[Gleam Syntax]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=gleam-syntax.gleam-syntax
[Go]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.Go
[GraphQL]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Prisma.vscode-graphql
[Haskell Syntax Highlighting]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=justusadam.language-haskell
[Idris]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=zjhmale.Idris
[Ionide-fsharp]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Ionide.Ionide-fsharp
[Java Extension Pack]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack
[Kotlin Language]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mathiasfrohlich.Kotlin
[LaTeX Workshop]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=James-Yu.latex-workshop
[Lua]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sumneko.lua
[Magic Racket]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=evzen-wybitul.magic-racket
[OCaml and Reason IDE]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=freebroccolo.reasonml
[PowerShell]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.PowerShell
[Python]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python
[R]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Ikuyadeu.r
[reason-vscode]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jaredly.reason-vscode
[reStructuredText]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lextudio.restructuredtext
[Ruby]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rebornix.Ruby
[Rust]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust
[Rust Syntax]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dustypomerleau.rust-syntax
[Sass]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Syler.sass-indented
[Swift Language]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Kasik96.swift
[VimL]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=XadillaX.viml
[VSCode Ruby]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wingrunr21.vscode-ruby
[vscode-scheme]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sjhuangx.vscode-scheme

Commit message:

Add the documentation for this fork

README.md, after:

# Yarra Valley

## Modifications in this fork
Originally, color of "typeAlias" matches color of type "#c651e5". This is changed to match color of struct "#99c2eb". Reasoning: Type aliases may be referred more often to generic structs than to than to built-in types. Therefore it may be more intuitive to think that type alias is a struct rather than built-in type.

## Your new favorite dark theme for Visual Studio Code

Here on the slopes of the Yarra, our syntax highlighting receives the same care and attention as our cool climate pinot noir. Thanks for coming to visit. We hope you like it here, and we hope you stay.

## Semantic highlighting

Yarra Valley now includes semantic highlighting for supported languages. Semantic highlighting provides a greater guarantee that tokens will be highlighted correctly, but typically provides less nuanced highlighting.

Screenshots here are shown with semantic highlighting disabled:

```json
 "editor.semanticHighlighting.enabled": false
```

Or at the individual extension level:

```json
  "C_Cpp.enhancedColorization": "Disabled"
```

## Screenshots:

## Typescript
![typescript](./images/typescript.png)

## React
![react](./images/react.png)

## Elixir
![elixir](./images/elixir.png)

## Rust (using [Rust Syntax][])
![rust](./images/rust.png)

## Ruby
![ruby](./images/ruby.png)

## Go
![go](./images/go.png)

## Elm
![elm](./images/elm.png)

## HTML
![html](./images/html.png)

## CSS
![css](./images/css.png)

## Python
![python](./images/python.png)

## Markdown
![markdown](./images/markdown.png)

## Supported languages and extensions:

- AsciiDoc ([AsciiDoc][])
- C ([C/C++][])
- C# ([C#][])
- C++ ([C/C++][])
- Clojure
- Crystal ([Crystal Language][])
- CSS
- Dart ([Dart Code][])
- Elixir ([ElixirLS][])
- Elm ([Elm][])
- Erlang ([erlang][])
- F# ([Ionide-fsharp][])
- Gleam ([Gleam Syntax][])
- Go ([Go][])
- GraphQL ([GraphQL][])
- Haskell ([Haskell Syntax Highlighting][])
- HTML
- Idris ([Idris][])
- Java ([Java Extension Pack][])
- JavaScript
- JavaScript React (JSX)
- Kotlin ([Kotlin Language][])
- LaTeX ([LaTeX Workshop][])
- Less
- Lua ([Lua][])
- makefile
- Markdown
- Ocaml ([reason-vscode][] or [OCaml and Reason IDE][])
- PHP
- PowerShell ([PowerShell][])
- Python ([Python][])
- R ([R][])
- Racket ([Magic Racket][])
- Reason ([reason-vscode][] or [OCaml and Reason IDE][])
- reStructuredText ([reStructuredText][])
- Ruby ([Ruby][] + [VSCode Ruby][])
- Rust ([Rust Syntax][] + [Rust][])
- Sass ([Sass][])
- Scheme ([vscode-scheme][])
- SCSS
- shell script
- SQL
- Swift ([Swift Language][])
- TOML ([Better TOML][])
- TypeScript
- TypeScript React (TSX)
- VimScript ([VimL][])
- YAML

<!--
## Planned languages:
- AHK
- Julia
- Objective-C
- Perl
- Pony
- Scala
- TLA+
- Visual Basic
- Zig
-->

[AsciiDoc]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=joaompinto.asciidoctor-vscode
[Better TOML]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bungcip.better-toml
[C/C++]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.cpptools
[C/C++]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.cpptools
[C#]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csharp
[Crystal Language]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=faustinoaq.crystal-lang
[Dart Code]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Dart-Code.dart-code
[ElixirLS]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JakeBecker.elixir-ls
[Elm]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Elmtooling.elm-ls-vscode
[erlang]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pgourlain.erlang
[Gleam Syntax]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=gleam-syntax.gleam-syntax
[Go]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.Go
[GraphQL]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Prisma.vscode-graphql
[Haskell Syntax Highlighting]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=justusadam.language-haskell
[Idris]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=zjhmale.Idris
[Ionide-fsharp]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Ionide.Ionide-fsharp
[Java Extension Pack]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack
[Kotlin Language]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mathiasfrohlich.Kotlin
[LaTeX Workshop]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=James-Yu.latex-workshop
[Lua]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sumneko.lua
[Magic Racket]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=evzen-wybitul.magic-racket
[OCaml and Reason IDE]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=freebroccolo.reasonml
[PowerShell]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.PowerShell
[Python]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python
[R]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Ikuyadeu.r
[reason-vscode]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jaredly.reason-vscode
[reStructuredText]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lextudio.restructuredtext
[Ruby]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rebornix.Ruby
[Rust]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust
[Rust Syntax]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dustypomerleau.rust-syntax
[Sass]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Syler.sass-indented
[Swift Language]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Kasik96.swift
[VimL]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=XadillaX.viml
[VSCode Ruby]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wingrunr21.vscode-ruby
[vscode-scheme]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sjhuangx.vscode-scheme
